The dataset consists of 38 TSV files containing Amazon product reviews across various categories. Each file includes the following columns: marketplace, customer_id, review_id, product_id, product_parent, product_title, product_category, star_rating, helpful_votes, total_votes, vine, verified_purchase, review_headline, review_body, and review_date. 

These TSV files were sorted into different product categories such as mobile apps, sports equipment, software, toys, books, and more. I read in each TSV file separately and saved them to a  folder, so that I could select individual categories to analyze. This also meant I wouldn't need to connect to the Kaggle API every time. Running all at once ran into RAM errors, so I ran these in batches. I didn't create a loop to load in the data because I was already too far in, running the individual lines(and because my RAM kept crashing with a loop, so I went to the basics).

There were several rows in which there were 22 columns read in instead of 15, but due to the sheer amount of data I simply dropped those rows. I asked the data to inform me which lines these were on in case I chose to return to them for further analysis. No other major issues were found with column structure. The TSV files were read correctly using Pandas, and all expected columns were present. There were many missing values in the columns review_headline, review_body, and review_date for each dataset. I chose to keep these observations regardless, as this just meant there were no written text for the reviews. There was still a star rating and relevant product identifier. Briefly, believed it would be interesting to see if there are differences in the reviews with no text and ones with text, but there are far, far, less reviews without text, so it wouldn't be as statistically significant. 



